In this lecture, will be implementing the
fourth an important step in every Junit
parameterized test that is creating a
static method which will feed in the
data required for our test will mark it
with the @parameter annotation from
junit so go back to the Eclipse IDE and
our test class and in here let's add a
new method public static this method
returns or should return a collection of
whatever data set we want it returns in
our case collection of integer arrays
I'll explain that in a bit let's call
this method data you can call it
whatever you want and in here I am going
to return back a list so I am saying
arrays dot as list in here new integer
I'm going to create a two-dimensional
array in here which will have all the
different values I want so minus 1 2 will
result in 1 comma the second array 1 2
will result in 3 and the third and final
array which will have let's say 6 comma
7 will result in 13 semicolon let's
import the collection hitting control
one import collections class here add a
comma in between the two different
arrays so we have created the data set
we need here junit expects us to return
a collection of our data set so we have
created a collection of single
dimensional arrays that is each element
in this collection is a single
dimensional array then I do this array
dot as list this two-dimensional array
will be converted into a list of arrays
so each element in that list will have a
single dimensional array with this
data so each dimension here or each
array here is this value will go into
num1 this value will go into num 2
and this value will go into the result
at runtime I'll explain the flow again
once we update our test in the next
lecture at the end of it when we run our
tests I will explain how this
constructor was how the static method
works and how these values eventually
are passed into our test method let's
mark this method with the
@parameterized annotation or
parameters annotation from junit and
we are done.